# PhDResearchData

This is a public repository contaning the research data generated by me during my PhD. The work was supported by [NSF CDS&E grant #1854829](https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1854829). The project is open, and technologically not-sensitive. No component of the proposal prohibits public release of research data. Therefore, to ensure research transparency (and also adopt the practice in early part of research career), I have decided to release my data publically. 

### Intellectual Property 

The Intellectual property (IP) rights of several _public_ universities prohibit _public_ disclosure of the research data. To release this data, I have taken approval from the project PI. The members of PhD research committee, Purdue research integrity officer, Head of department (Aeronautics & Astronautics), and Dean of engineering at Purdue are aware of this disclosure. I believe that this release will make it easier for people to build upon the work that I have spent a considerable effort and time on. 
- The practice is remarkably common in venues like [NIPS](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2020/PaperInformation/CodeSubmissionPolicy), [CVPR](http://cvpr2020.thecvf.com/submission/main-conference/author-guidelines). Moreover, public release of research data and code prevents researchers from writing incremental papers. The incremental papers neither push the field forward nor add to our understanding of the reality.
- NSF funds are public money. The work done under NSF projects are done by the people for the people. The public release of research data ensures accountability.

### Contents

The research data contained in this repository is arranged by section number as per [PhD thesis](PhDThesis.pdf). Each section number is assigned a folder. The sub-section data is contained in the corresponding sub-folders.

- Section 4.1: 1D/3V Multi-species Krook-Wu solution
- Section 4.2: 1D/3V Multi-species Couette flow
- Section 4.3: 1D/3V Multi-species Fourier heat transfer
- Section 4.4: 1D/3V Multi-species oscillatory Couette flow
- Section 4.5: 1D/3V Multi-species normal shock
- Section 4.6: 1D/3V Multi-species self-diffusion
- Section 4.7: 1D/3V Multi-species mass-diffusion
- Section 4.8: 1D/3V Single-species spatial and temporal accuracy test for a range of Knudsen numbers
- Section 4.9: 1D/3V Single-species Couette flow for a range of Knudsen numbers
- Section 4.10: 1D/3V Single-species Sod shock tube problem
- Section 4.11: 2D/3V Single-species flow around a micro-electronic chip
- Section 4.12: 2D/3V Single-species flow in short micro-channels
- Section 4.13: 3D/3V Single-species Lid-driven cavity flow
- Section 5.2: 2D/3V Single-species flow in Micro In-Plane Knudsen Radiometric Actuator (MIKRA)
- Section 5.3: 2D/3V Multi-species flow in MIKRA

To run 1d cases, consult [dgfs1D_gpu](https://github.com/jaisw7/dgfs1D_gpu)
To run 2d/3d cases, consult [frfs](https://github.com/jaisw7/frfs) 
To run DSMC cases, consult [sparta](https://github.com/sparta/sparta) 

To open *.lpk, *.plt, *.vtu, *.lay files, use Tecplot 360.