This folder contains the data from which figures 5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.9, and 5.10 have been generated.

### Data files:  

- Figs. 5.4(a,c,e) have been generated using tecplot files contained in 155N2/dgfs and 155N2/dsmc
- Figs. 5.4(b,d,f) have been generated using tecplot files contained in 966N2/dgfs and 966N2/dsmc
- Figs. 5.5(a,c,e) have been generated using tecplot files contained in 155N2/dgfs and 155N2/dsmc
- Figs. 5.5(b,d,f) have been generated using tecplot files contained in 966N2/dgfs and 966N2/dsmc
- Fig. 5.6 has been generated using tecplot files contained in 966N2/dgfs
- Fig. 5.7 has been generated using tecplot files contained in 966N2/dgfs
- Figs. 5.9(a,b) have been generated using tecplot files contained in 155N2/dgfs and 155N2/dsmc
- Figs. 5.9(c,d) have been generated using tecplot files contained in 387N2/dgfs and 387N2/dsmc
- Figs. 5.9(e,f) have been generated using tecplot files contained in 966N2/dgfs and 966N2/dsmc
- Figs. 5.10(a-f) have been generated by extracting data over domain centerline using tecplot files contained in AN2/dgfs and AN2/dsmc, where A={155,387,966}


### Data files:  

The DSMC data files are contained in the directory dsmc. This file can be opened in tecplot. The folder also contain necessary input files to reproduce the results using SPARTA (Sandia National Lab's code).
The DGFS data files are contained in their own separate folders. This file can be also opened in tecplot. The files have been named in a format bulksol_dgfs_2d_mikra_str-B.0.vtu where 
- B is the non-dimensional time

Here the file prefix have been named with the following rationale:
- *bulksol* refers to bulk property i.e., moments of the distribution. 
- *dgfs* refers to the name of the solver, for example dgfs refers to single-species solver, whereas dgfsbi refers to multi-species
- *2d* refers to 2-dimensional physical space
- *mikra* refers to the name of the test case